love Mario Gino gin slum Godwin hello
everyone i am jim shear and welcome
tiens love the Gwen's now recently I
received an email from one of our good
friends Randy few kiss posing the
question DN still love the Gwyn's and
then I've received a whole bunch of
messages online saying don't give up on
the Gwen's gym and to answer everyone
yes I still love the Gwen's and no I'm
not giving up on them I just haven't had
time to make an episode until now so
hopefully I remember how to do this
let's go to the highlights plants vs.
the Islanders no scoring in this one
until late in the third period when
Sergei Gonchar gives it to Peter Sakura
through the front door up penguins win
one up and then they would begin their
five-game road trip they would beat
Chicago and then they would take on
dallas in dallas after a jordan staal go
Kris Letang with the quick hands put the
pens up by two and then miroslav Santana
right place right time capitalizes pens
up 3-nothing and gino with the power
play goal in the second the pin will win
this one for 21 Tino one goal and two
assists apologies to all of you for not
having the Blackhawks highlights I had
them and then I lost him but it was a
thriller they won 5-4 and then as you
just saw they beat the stars then the
Pens travel down the Florida they beat
the lightning and the Panthers that's
four straight road wins and could they
make it five which would be a
franchise-best against the Washington
Capitals city and Gino versus Alex and
Alex in the first
bill Garrett and Sidney Crosby wide open
penguins lead one nothing now I know we
all hate alexander semin question you've
got it men this is a pretty goal game
tied at one in the second period sergei
gonchar performing laser surgery look
how precise that is penguins lead two to
one and then bill hammerin Hank Garin
with the Penguins up by two and the
third period Alexander Ovechkin is going
to cut the Pens leave the one and then
on lazy line change the Capitals will
capitalize I guess pun intended like
deep flurry this game goes into overtime
then in a shootout Sydney speech
Theodore and could Alexander Ovechkin
extended flurry says no the penguins win
in a villa 423 flurry 29 saves Crosby
one goal and one assist and then going
into Wednesday night's game look how
close that playoff on his Penguins on
the bubble and look who is one spot
above them florida panthers that's right
let's do it pens vs chats in the igloo
in the first period Gino Bruce's rusev
and now the goalies looking kind of
stupid penguins lead one nothing but the
Panthers would get on the board in the
2nd boys beat flurry the Panthers are
gonna go three two one with this school
right here by valor but the Penguins
would come back in the third Jordan
Staal using his hockey stick as a
baseball bat penguins only down by one
and then on the third period Russia
Sidney Crosby is going to get this one
to trickle past Vokoun of course this
game is going to go into a shootout it
in the shootout Letang quick fans risvik
rude and then fleury is going to stop
waste right here and then it
2g know he could end it and what this
fake out hey pittsburgh penguins beat
the florida panthers in a shootout 423
found them up seven in a row for the
Pittsburgh Penguins and they will close
out the week with the jackets and the
Senators and then the Penguins are home
for two whole weeks at the igloo now
before we end this episode of yen's love
the Gwen's I did something this week
that I don't recommend any of you doing
I rented a time machine and I took a
trip back to visit myself last year to
warn myself of this year's crazy
Pittsburgh Penguins season and here's
how it turned out who are you I'm
actually the future version of you from
March of 2009 oh yeah well the Penguins
doing they're actually playing really
well lately they're on a tear first
round seed in the Eastern Conference huh
nope second seed haha what seat are they
then well if the UM if the season ended
today we probably just sneak into the
playoffs what did host to get hurt
he doesn't play for us anymore what is
he playing for the Red Wings now
actually cool who's playing waiting for
us well in the offseason we signed
ruslan fedotenko in miroslava tan from
the New York Islanders one of the worst
teams in hockey why not just go the
whole way and get their captain bill
guerin to play for us Garon's actually
looking good and the guys are playing
great under dan bylsma who the hell is
Dan Bylsma he's our coach you know what
the the stuff you're telling me is
really starting to freak me out as if
speaking to my future self isn't
shocking enough so I'm gonna have to ask
you to leave hey before you go did I or
did we get a job in television I
actually did so i'm living in Pittsburgh
now but uh the steelers won the
superbowl food me beat the cardinals all
right you need to go now with a lot of
you don't know is after i travel back to
may of 2008 i traveled forward to may of
2009 and I know exactly how the Penguins
are doing right now but I'm not going to
tell any of you you're just gonna have
to watch Ian's love the Gwynn that is
going to do it for this episode you guys
need to email us you can do that and yes
love the Gwyn's @ yahoo.com all of our
episodes can be watched on myspace.com /
shins love the Gwen's things are just
starting to get good so until next time
I am Jim shear and I will see you in
later
that I their 40-man sake that I there
buddy man